---
layout: page
title: Stuart Long's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: TimesTable

TimesTable is a desktop address book plus planner application for tuition teachers to keep track of their students
and classes. The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java,
and has about 17 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Timetable Tab
    * What it does: Displays the tuition classes of the user in a timetable format.
    * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user now see all his/her tuition classes in a timetable view, improving the user experience.
    * Highlights: This enhancement affects existing commands and commands to be added in future. It required an in-depth analysis of design alternatives. The implementation too was challenging as it required changes to existing commands.
    * Credits: AY19/20 S2 CS2103-W15-4 [Github](https://github.com/AY1920S2-CS2103-W15-4/main/tree/master/src/main/java/clzzz/helper/ui/calendar)
  
* **New Feature**: Added a history command that allows the user to navigate to previous commands using up/down keys.

* **Code contributed**: [Reposense](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2021-09-17&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=s7u4rt99&tabRepo=AY2122S1-CS2103T-F11-1%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false)

* **Project management**:
    * Managed releases `v1.3` - `v1.5rc` (3 releases) on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
    * Updated the GUI color scheme (Pull requests [\#33](), [\#34]())
    * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests [\#36](), [\#38]())

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Added documentation for the features `delete` and `find` [\#72]()
        * Did cosmetic tweaks to existing documentation of features `clear`, `exit`: [\#74]()
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added implementation details of the `delete` feature.

* **Community**:
    * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#12](), [\#32](), [\#19](), [\#42]()
    * Contributed to forum discussions (examples: [1](), [2](), [3](), [4]())
    * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples: [1](), [2](), [3]())
    * Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates ([1](), [2]())

* **Tools**:
    * Integrated a third party library (Natty) to the project ([\#42]())
    * Integrated a new Github plugin (CircleCI) to the team repo

* _{you can add/remove categories in the list above}_
